February 26: Sunday

A small note after a large orgy. It is morning, gray, most
sober, with cold white purltanmical eyes; looking at me. Last
night I got drunk, very very besutifully drunk, and now I am
shot, after six holirs of warm sleep like a baby, with Racine
to read, and not even the energy to type; I am getting the dts.
Or something.

Hamish came in cab, and there was a tedious time standing slanted
agalnst, the bar in Miller's with some ugly gat-toothed squat
grinning guy named Meeson trying to be devastatingly clever and
makkng intense devastating remarks about nothing. Hamish pale, pink and light blue eyes. I drank steadily the goblets with the redsgold Whiskey Macs, one-after the other, and by the time we left an hour later, I felt that strong, silted-up
force that makes one move through alr like swimming, with brave ease.

Falcon's Yard, and the syncopated strut of a piano uostalrs,
and oh it was very Bohemian, with boys in turtle-neck sweaters
and girls being blue-eye-lidded or elegant in black. Derrek was there, with guitar, and Bert was looking shining and proud as 1f he had Just delivered five babies, sald something obvious about having drunk alot, and began talking about how Luke was satanic after we had run through the poetry in St. Botolph's
and yelled about it: satanic Luke, very very drunk, with a
stupid satanic smile on his pale face, dark sideburns and
rumpled halr, black-and-white checked baggy pants and a loose
swinging jacket, was doling that slow crazy english jive with
a green-clad girl, quite black-halred and eyed and a good part pixie, and when they stopped dancing, Luke was chasing her around. Dan Huys being very pale, frightfully pale and freckled, and me at last saying my immortal line of introduction which has been with me ever since his clever precocious
slanted review: "Is this the bedter or worse half?" and he
looking incredibly young to even think hard yet. Than Minton,
so small and dark one whuld have fo slit down to talk to him,
and Welssbort, small agaln and very cur}y. Ross, immaculates
“and dark. They were all dark.

By this time I had spilled one drink, partly into my mouth,
partly over my hands and the floor, and the Jazz was beginning
to get under my skin, and I started dancing with Luke and
knew I was very bad, having crossed the river and banged
into the trees, yelling about the poems, and he only smiling
with that far-off look of a ceetin satan. He wrote those
things, and he was slobbing around. Well, I was slobbing
around, ‘blub, maundering" and I didn't even have the excuse
of having written those thinzs; I suwmpose if you can write
sestinas waich wmbam crash through lines and rules after
having raped them to the purpose, then you can be satanic and
smile like a cretin beelzebub.

Then the worst happened, that big, dark, hunky boy, the only
one there huge enough for me, who hadwe been hunching around
over women, and whose name I had asked the minute I had come
into the room, but no one told me, came over and was looking
hard in my eyes and it was Ted Hughes. I started yelling 
agaln about his poems and quoting: "dost dear unscratchable

i
