19.

February 26

We walked out as the blonde one was coming in, and Oswald sald
in als dry sarcasm something about "Tell us about bone structures"
and that was the last party at Salnt John's where I lost the

red glove, as tonight I last the red bandeau which I lovedwith
all the redness in my heart. Somehow these sluttish nights make
me have a violent nunlike passion to write and sequester myself.
I shall sequester. I don't want fo see anybody because they are
not Ted Hughes and { never have been made a fool of by a man.
They are phonies, Hamish sald: He 1s the biggest seducer in
Cambridge. Shall I write, and be different? Always, I grab it,
the writing, hold it to me, defend, defend, against the flux,
the sameness of faces. He sald my name, Sylvia, in a blasting
wind which shot off in the desert behind my eyes, behind his
eyes, and his poems are clever and terrible and lovely.

Well, Hamish: and I took an incredibly long time walking about
the misty streets in the moonlight and all was blurred behind

a theatrical scrim of fog, and Wague boys in black Zowns stagzered
and sang. We hid behind a car, and he sald, the oroctors are
out after me,and I kept blithering on about having faith and
being lucky, always, if you believe in something, because you
can walk on water. Finally, after many strange streets walch

I did not know, being far far away in a land of whisky and
merrydown, saying Ted to the lampposts and calding myself with
Hamish, Hamish, keeoinz saying it aloud to him, because he took
me away safely. We came to the gates of Queens, and I wanted
like a baby to lie down and rest, Just peace, peace, I keot
whispering. Five boys, five late babies came up, and surrounded
me, gently saying, what are.you doing here, are you all right,
my you smell nice, that oerfume, and may we kiss you, and I
just stood there huddled to the iron fence, smiling like a lost
lamb and saying dear, dear, babies, and then Hamish was among
them, and they climbed over and crossed the wooden bridge

that N@wton once put together without bolts.

Hamish helped me up on the wall, and in my tight skirt, Te
tried to step over the splkes; they plerceimy skirt, my hands
and I felt nothing, thinking from the ‘@reat distance that I
might at last lie on a bed of solkes and not feel 1t, like
the yoga, like celia copplestone, crucified, near an anthill,
at last, peace, and the nails went through my hands, and my
legs were bare to the thigh, and I was over. The stigmata, I
sald, frozen, lookéng at %hose raw frigid hands that should
have been bleeding. But they were not bleeding. I had gotten
over in an act of sublime drunkenness and falth. And then we
wehto Hamish's room and lay on the floor by the fire and

I was just so damn grateful for ais weight on mp and his mouth
which was nice, and bezged that he scold me, and he Just sald
I wasn't a whore or a slut like I sald but only a very silly
girl and he kind of liked me and when would I learn-my lesson.
When? When? So 1t was suddenly two—thirty, and I couldn't
imagine being illegal, but I was, and we managed Dy the light
of two matches to get downstairs, and he waidked out, a dark
lone figure against the pale white blur of snow in the dead
quiet crescent court.
